 1. The Market Panel:
      The Market Panel can be turned on/off.  When it is turned on it displays the items
      listed below, and you can also show the Clock Panel when the Market Panel is on:
      (1) Symbol & Period:  The symbol for the currency pair and the chart TF.
      (2) Spread: The difference (cost to trade) between the Ask and the Bid price.
      (3) Ranges: The weekly and daily average ranges.
      (4) Swaps:  The long and the short swap rates.
      (5) Candle: The time remaining for the chart current TF bar.
      (6) Price:  The bid price of either currency or non-currency items.  For currencies,
          the last (fractional) digit can be set to appear smaller than the other digits.
          The price changes color when the last full size digit reverses.
      (7) The Logo.
   2. The Clock Panel:
      When the Market Panel is on the Clock Panel can be turned on/off.  It displays time and
      location for seven different time zones that can be selected out of a list of time zones
      available.  It is also used during a time of live feed to determine the difference
      between the broker server time and GMT, which is an input that must be entered manually
      in the "Preface" section of the External Inputs.  If a time zone displayed happens to
      coincide with the broker server time, your local time, GMT, or the time zone selected
      for the calculation of pivots (if pivots are displayed), an extension to the label will
      include the designators: "B", "L", "G" and "P" so you do not have to waste lines to also
      separately display the Broker, Local and GMT time zones.

In addition to the two panel sections, this multi-function indicator provides the following
services, which are listed here, and more fully described below:
   1. A special Ask line and a special Bid line.
   2. A background of level lines dividing the distance between whole numbers into quarters.
   3. Natural fibonacci numbers applied to the previous day range as well as above and below.
   4. Daily or Fibonacci pivots, including mid-pivot lines.
   5. Average Range H/L lines for the week and day.
   6. Day Separators.
   7. Vertical lines at the open of the Asian, Frankfurt, London and New York forex markets,
      and at the close of the London market.
