
1. Special Ask and Bid Lines -
You can select to place your own Ask and Bid Ray lines on the chart, which you can vary in
thickness and color.  The lines end just beyond the current candle.  The Bid line terminates
with a Bid Dot that can be sized and that changes color(example: green/red) as the bid price
changes(up/dn).  To display only your own Ask/Bid Ray lines, right click on the chart and
select Chart Properties/Colors.  Make sure the Grid color = "None", otherwise the MT4 bid
line is going to be beneath your own, and will be visible from the end of your line to the
chart edge.  The special Ask and Bid lines can be subordinated to appear below other chart
artifacts, such as the candles and the SonicR Dragon-Trend.  You can set the Ask line to not
show above a chosen chart TF.  By default, the Ask line is set to not show above the M5 TF.
There are other options.  Read the External Inputs.

2. Background Level Lines -
This indicator places level lines on your chart at key levels between whole numbers (00, 25,
50, 75 and 00 again).  The number of "sets" of these Whole, Half, and Quarter lines is fixed
by hard code for each TF chart.  The lines can individually be of any available color, style
and width.  With Levels "On", the half and quarter levels can be turned On/Off individually.
The whole, half and quarter levels also have separate "Max_TF" settings, which you can set so
the less significant Levels automatically cease to be displayed as you go up in chart TF.
The span between the Levels is 25 pips.  For some currency pairs and other traded instruments
this might mean the Levels lines are too close together or too far apart.  To adjust spacing
of the Level lines use "__Incr_Decr_Levels_Density" which by default is "0".  A change to
"1" will space the lines 50 pips apart.  A change to "2" will space the lines 75 pips apart.
A change to "3" will space the lines 100 pips apart, etc.  A change to "-1" will space lines
12.5 pips apart.  A change to "-2" will space lines 6.25 pips apart, etc. With the variety
of instruments available to trade, and with the manner in which the market has fixed their
pricing, there is no simple code that will automatically yield a better placement of lines.
The External Inputs for Levels color/style/width apply only for the default spacing setting
of "0".  Once this is changed to increase spacing between lines or to decrease spacing, the 
sequence of colors remains the same but they no longer represent whole, half, quarter Levels.

3. Natural Fibos -
Fibonacci numbers are applied to the internal range of the previous day, as well as beyond,
both above and below that range.  The "yHI" and "yLO" lines are displayed from the start of
the previous day session.  The other lines are displayed for just the current day session.
An option called "__Use_Tz_Filter" (default is "false") diverts calculations to the time
zone shift coding in this indicator to find the correct start of the previous session
following partial days and holidays, which is the only time this option might be needed.
   A. These key fibonacci levels are applied to the internal range:
      yLO, 23.6, 38.2, 50.0, 61.8, 76.4 and yHI.
   B. These levels are applied beyond this range, both above and below:
      23.6, 38.2, 50.0, 61.8, 76.4, 100.0, 161.8, 261.8, 423.6 and 638.2.

4. Daily and Fibonacci Pivots -
   A. Main Pivot Line
      You can select to display the main pivot (PVT) for the day.  It can be constructed
      using two ines.  One can be a wide background line of a highlighting color and the
      other can be a narrow top line of a darker color (Examples: Yellow & Gray respectively).
   B. Support & Resistance Lines-
      You can select to display the support and resistance pivot lines (SR) using either the
      Daily or Fibonacci formulas.  The Fibonacci displays five levels.  Normally, the Daily
      displays only three levels, but is extended to include five levels.
   C. Broker or Time Zone Shifted Pivots
      You can display your broker server pivots, or you can select to display pivots based
      on a different time zone (PivotsTz).  New coding fully automates the complexities of
      PivotsTz, such as timing the hour shift for DST twice yearly, depending on when your
      broker does that.  Your choice to use PivotsTz requires only three simple inputs-
      I.   "__PivotsTz_On"
           Set this equal to "true".  If "false", then broker server pivots are displayed.
      II.  "____Use_Preferred_Offset"
           Set to "true" if you wish pivots displayed to be based on the Frankfurt time zone.
           if set to "false" the input for "____Alternative_GMT_Offset" will be used.
      III. "____Alternative_GMT_Offset"
           This is your alternative choice of time zone location relative to GMT in +/- hours
           (examples: for GMT use "0", for one time zone east of GMT use "1", and for four
           time zones west of GMT use "-4").
      When pivots are displayed, "P" will show in the appropriate Clock label matching the
      time zone the pivots are based on.  Realize that by choosing PivotsTz, when the next
      PivotsTz day occurs during the broker server day, the PivotsTz lines will suddenly
      change.   PivotsTz will display either "^", "<", or ">" in the labels for the lines.
      By default, PivotsTz are set to the preferred Frankfurt time zone and will display "^"
      in the labels.  If you select a PivotsTZ time zone less than the default "<" appears
      in the labels.  If you select a PivotsTZ time zone greater than the default ">" appears
      in the labels.  Broker pivots display nothing extra in the labels.

5. Range High/Low Lines for the Day and Week -
You can display two horizontal lines, one for the computed range high target, and one for
the computed range low target. The range is based on the averaging period you select
(defaults: day=15, week=13).  The special range averaging process for the Day range lines
skips any brief Sunday sessions of some brokers, which would drag the average down.  The
Week range lines use the standard ATR formula since brief Sunday sessions do not much affect
the results.
   A. Two conditions determine where range lines appear....
      1. Condition #1 - the Day/Week range has not exceeded the computed average range.
         * The RDH/RWH line is the computed average range distance above the session Low.
         * The RDL/RWL line is the computed average range distance below the session high.
         * The lines will move as new highs/lows are achieved during the session.
         * This display shows how far price can move in either direction before exceeding
           the computed average range.
      2. Condition #2 - the Day/Week range has exceeded the computed average range.
         * If price swings during the day/week TF cause the difference between the high and
           the low to equal the computed range, the range lines lock into place.
         * This display will clearly show any subsequent breakout of the range.
   B. The purpose of the range lines is to provide a perspective on how far PA might move 
      during the trading day or week.  This can be of some guidance in selecting where to
      exit a trade.  A swing trader might pay more attention to the RWH/RWL lines, and hold
      a trade into oncoming days.  However, a day trader looking for quick profits and
      limited exposure to market price swings might pay more attention to the RDH/RDL lines.
   C. The Day range lines are based on the broker's server trading day, but can be based
      on a trading day of a different time zone, just as are the pivots.  By default, the
      input "__RangeTZ_on" is set to "true" for this function.  The time zone used for the
      RangeTZ function is always the same one selected for the PivotsTZ function.  The
      day RangeTZ lines can be displayed even if PivotsTZ lines are not displayed.

6. Day Separators -
You can apply day separators to your chart with this option.  It lets you select color
and line styles.  You can elect to show separators just for today and/or for any number
of previous days.

7. Vertical Time Lines -
You can select to display vertical time lines for the London Open, New York Open, and the
London Close, with the option to also show the Asian/Sydney Open and the Frankfurt Open.
New coding in this release properly places these vLines without any special inputs required
from the user because it determines all year around the GMT offsets of the broker server,
Sydney, Frankfurt, London and NYC.  And the coding takes into account any changes at these
locations due to DST/nonDST changeovers when they are implemented, even if at different times
at each location.  This information is required to always have the vLines displayed on your
broker server chart at the places representing the proper local times in both London and NYC.
Separate External Inputs exist for control of the vLines for the Asian Open and the Frankfurt
Open.  Broker servers on GMT have very short partial days when the market opens for the week
such that maybe only the "Ao" line appears, providing little in the way of time perspective.
By using the External Inputs for "Ao" for both the current and the previous sessions you can
display the "Ao" from the previous Friday to create the missing perspective.

Addtitional Remarks On Displaying Horizontal Lines and Labels -
The horizontal line groups can be displayed differently, using display numbers "1" and "2" in
the section "Horizontal Lines Position Settings:"  If the selection number is outside the 1-2
range it will default to "2".  The line groups are: Levels, PVT (central pivot), SRM (support,
resistance and mid-pivots), and Range H/L lines for DAY/WK.
   "1" - Fullscreen: draws the lines across the chart and positions labels mid-chart.
   "2" - Session: draws the lines only thru the current session and positions labels at
         the start of current session until that moves off-chart.  Then labels are
         positioned mid-chart.
   "3" - This is not a selectable option, but it is hard coded so that if the lines are set
         to display for the current session and the chart is switched to the DAY TF or higher,
         the lines will display 7 TFs to the right from the current candle.

Additional Remarks on Displaying Horizontal Lines and vLines for Brokers at GMT -
Note that brokers at GMT will have a very short "extra" trading day, a brief two hours on
Sunday (from 5pm EST to 7pm EST).  During this time, horizontal lines selected to display
per "2", will appear as they were on the previous Friday and remain at the levels for Friday
until the short Sunday period ends.  The short Sunday period is actually the last two hours
of the Friday trading day.  The same goes for vLines.  They will appear during the short
Sunday period as they were on the previous Friday.

Changes from intitial release 05-30-2015 to second release 06-28-2015:
* Improved coding of "Levels" to accomodate 4-digit broker platforms and to add default
  settings for gold.

Changes from second release 06-28-2015 to third release 08-01-2015:
* Cleaned up poin & levels density code (begins line 721), and added comments to the Levels
  section of User Notes regarding allocation of colors when density is changed from default.
* Darkened Panel background color (white version only).
